README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
# [MatLab.](https://github.com/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab) <img src="https://github.com/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab/blob/main/.assets/matlab.svg"  width="3%" height="3%">

</div>

<div align="center">
  
---

My MatLab Drive Files.
  
---

</div>

<div align="center">

![GitHub Code Size in Bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab)
![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab)
![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab.svg)

</div>

<div align="center">
  
![RepoBeats Statistics](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/ee6961b3b9d4654f548f3e45791e1ed078b9d08f.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

</div>


## Table of Contents
- [MatLab. ](#matlab-)
	- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
	- [Introduction](#introduction)
		- [Key Features](#key-features)
		- [Why MatLab?](#why-matlab)
	- [Requirements](#requirements)
		- [Install MatLab](#install-matlab)
	- [Setup](#setup)
		- [Clone the repository](#clone-the-repository)
	- [Contributing](#contributing)
	- [License](#license)
		- [Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal](#creative-commons-zero-v10-universal)


## Introduction

Welcome to the MatLab repository, a comprehensive collection of MatLab files showcasing various projects, including implementations in Artificial Intelligence, Calculus, and more. Whether you're a student, researcher, or enthusiast, this repository serves as a little hub for MatLab code, providing a diverse set of tools and solutions across different domains.

### Key Features

- **Artificial Intelligence:** Explore implementations of MatLab code for various AI algorithms, from machine learning models to neural networks.

- **Calculus:** Access MatLab files that demonstrate solutions and applications of calculus concepts, making it a valuable resource for mathematics enthusiasts.

### Why MatLab?

MatLab is a powerful numerical computing environment widely used in academia and industry. Its versatility and rich set of features make it an ideal choice for developing and implementing algorithms in various fields.

## Requirements

### Install MatLab

1. Download Matlab from [Here](https://matlab.mathworks.com/) and download it.
2. Then, run the following commands:

```bash
unzip -qq matlab*.zip -d matlab
cd matlab
sudo ./install
```

3. During the installation process, in the "Options" tab, select "Create Symbolic Links to MATLAB Scripts in" and select the folder `/usr/local/bin`.
4. To run the MATLAB directly using the Command line terminal, we have to create a Symbolic for its script, run the following command:

```bash
sudo ln -s /<path-to-your-matlab>/matlab /usr/local/bin/matlab
```

5. Lastly, install the MatLab Support Package, which also creates the Application Icon, run the following command:

```bash
sudo apt install matlab-support -y
```


## Setup

### Clone the repository

1. Clone the repository with the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab.git
cd MatLab
```

## Contributing

Code improvement recommendations are very welcome. In order to contribute, follow the steps below:

## License

### Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal

This project is licensed under the [Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal](LICENSE), which means you are free to use, modify, and distribute the code. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

Commit message:

FEAT: Updating the Requirements Section the README.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
# [MatLab.](https://github.com/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab) <img src="https://github.com/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab/blob/main/.assets/matlab.svg"  width="3%" height="3%">

</div>

<div align="center">
  
---

My MatLab Drive Files.
  
---

</div>

<div align="center">

![GitHub Code Size in Bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab)
![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab)
![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab.svg)

</div>

<div align="center">
  
![RepoBeats Statistics](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/ee6961b3b9d4654f548f3e45791e1ed078b9d08f.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

</div>


## Table of Contents
- [MatLab. ](#matlab-)
	- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
	- [Introduction](#introduction)
		- [Key Features](#key-features)
		- [Why MatLab?](#why-matlab)
	- [Requirements](#requirements)
		- [Install MatLab](#install-matlab)
	- [Setup](#setup)
		- [Clone the repository](#clone-the-repository)
	- [Contributing](#contributing)
	- [License](#license)
		- [Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal](#creative-commons-zero-v10-universal)


## Introduction

Welcome to the MatLab repository, a comprehensive collection of MatLab files showcasing various projects, including implementations in Artificial Intelligence, Calculus, and more. Whether you're a student, researcher, or enthusiast, this repository serves as a little hub for MatLab code, providing a diverse set of tools and solutions across different domains.

### Key Features

- **Artificial Intelligence:** Explore implementations of MatLab code for various AI algorithms, from machine learning models to neural networks.

- **Calculus:** Access MatLab files that demonstrate solutions and applications of calculus concepts, making it a valuable resource for mathematics enthusiasts.

### Why MatLab?

MatLab is a powerful numerical computing environment widely used in academia and industry. Its versatility and rich set of features make it an ideal choice for developing and implementing algorithms in various fields.

## Requirements

Before getting started with the MatLab repository, ensure that you have the following requirements in place:

- **MatLab Installation:** MatLab is the core platform for running the MatLab files in this repository. If you don't have MatLab installed, follow the installation instructions provided below.

### Install MatLab

1. Download Matlab from [Here](https://matlab.mathworks.com/) and download it.
2. Then, run the following commands:

```bash
unzip -qq matlab*.zip -d matlab
cd matlab
sudo ./install
```

3. During the installation process, in the "Options" tab, select "Create Symbolic Links to MATLAB Scripts in" and select the folder `/usr/local/bin`.
4. To run the MATLAB directly using the Command line terminal, we have to create a Symbolic for its script, run the following command:

```bash
sudo ln -s /<path-to-your-matlab>/matlab /usr/local/bin/matlab
```

5. Lastly, install the MatLab Support Package, which also creates the Application Icon, run the following command:

```bash
sudo apt install matlab-support -y
```


## Setup

### Clone the repository

1. Clone the repository with the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BrenoFariasdaSilva/MatLab.git
cd MatLab
```

## Contributing

Code improvement recommendations are very welcome. In order to contribute, follow the steps below:

## License

### Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal

This project is licensed under the [Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal](LICENSE), which means you are free to use, modify, and distribute the code. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
